chore: update MPR docs for Vaadin 24 (#2103)
vaadin/docs: articles/tools/mpr/introduction/3-cdi.asciidoc

== Updating to the correct CDI version

> Remove any version from `com.vaadin:vaadin-cdi` as the proper Vaadin 24 compatible version for it's managed by the `vaadin-bom`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove any version from `com.vaadin:vaadin-cdi` as the compatible version for it is managed by the `vaadin-bom`:
```
